refactor 'provisioners' content (#699)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/terraform/v1.12.x/docs/language/resources/provisioners.mdx

| Microsoft Azure | `custom_data` | [`azurerm_virtual_machine`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/virtual_machine), [`azurerm_virtual_machine_scale_set`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/virtual_machine_scale_set) |
| Google Cloud Platform | `metadata` | [`google_compute_instance`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/resources/compute_instance), [`google_compute_instance_group`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/resources/compute_instance_group) |
| Oracle Cloud Infrastructure | `metadata`, `extended_metadata` |  [`oci_core_instance`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/oracle/oci/), [`oci_core_instance_configuration`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/oracle/oci/) |
| VMware vSphere | `cdrom` block | Attach a virtual CDROM to [`vsphere_virtual_machine`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/vsphere/latest/docs/resources/virtual_machine) using the `cdrom` block and specify a file called `user-data.txt` |

> > **Hands-on:** Try the [Provision Infrastructure with Cloud-Init](/terraform/tutorials/provision/cloud-init?utm_source=WEBSITE&utm_medium=WEB_IO&utm_offer=ARTICLE_PAGE&utm_content=DOCS) tutorial.

Author: ```suggestion
> **Hands-on:** Try the [Provision Infrastructure with Cloud-Init](/terraform/tutorials/provision/cloud-init) tutorial.
```

            "content" : templatefile("baz.tpl.conf", { SOME_VAR = "qux" }),
          },
        ],
      }
    )
  }
}
```

## Build configuration into machine images 

You can use [HashiCorp Packer](/packer) or similar systems to build system configuration steps into custom images. Packer uses configuration management provisioners that can run installation steps during the build process before creating a system disk image that you can reuse.

Configuration management software that uses a centralized server component may require you to register the software as part of the configuration process. You must delay the registration step until the final system is booted from your custom image. You can [pass the necessary information to the resource](#pass-data-into-compute-resources) to delay registration so that the configuration management software can register itself with the centralized server immediately on boot without requiring the resource to accept commands from Terraform over
SSH or WinRM.

> **Hands-on:** Try the [Provision Infrastructure with Packer](/terraform/tutorials/provision/packer?utm_source=WEBSITE&utm_medium=WEB_IO&utm_offer=ARTICLE_PAGE&utm_content=DOCS) tutorial.

> ## Run the CLI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Run CLI commands
```

Maybe? Your call

### Commands on the local machine

To run commands on the machine where Terraform is installed, add the `provisioner "local-exec"` block to your `resource` block and specify commands to run in the `command` argument. The following example configures an `aws_instance` resource named `web` to run a local command that prints its IP address:

```hcl
resource "aws_instance" "web" {
  # ...

  provisioner "local-exec" {
    command = "echo The server's IP address is ${self.private_ip}"
  }
}
```

Refer to the [`provisioner` block reference](/terraform/language/resource#provisioner) for details about the available arguments.

### Commands on a remote resource 

To run commands on a remote resource, add the `remote-exec` provisioner type. This provisioner lets you run the CLI for your target system in order to create, update, or otherwise interact with remote objects in that system. You must include [a `connection` block](/terraform/language/resources/provisioners#connect-to-remote-resources) for Terraform to connect to the server. 

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Execute remote scripts

 If the provider does not include a mechanism for executing scripts, we recommend opening a feature request ticket with the provider. 

As a workaround, you can use a Terraform provisioner to execute scripts. Refer to [Use a provisioner](#Use-a-provisioner) for instructions on adding provisioners to the resource configuration. 

> When provisioners execute scripts on a remote system over SSH, they usually upload the script file to the remote system before asking the default shell to execute it. Provisioners use this strategy because it allows you to use all of the typical scripting techniques supported by that shell, including preserving environment variable values and other context between script statements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When provisioners execute scripts on a remote system over SSH, they usually upload the script file to the remote system then use the default shell to execute it. Provisioners use this strategy because it allows you to use all of the typical scripting techniques supported by that shell, including preserving environment variable values and other context between script statements.
```

### Connect to remote resources

You can configure provisioners to connect to remote resources over SSH or using WinRM. Add a `connection` block to either the `provisioner` block or to the `resource` block. All provisioners in the configuration can use connection settings defined in the `resource` block. Connection settings defined in the `provisioner` block are specific to that provisioner. Refer to the [`connection` block reference](/terraform/language/blocks/resource#connection) for details. 

Because the SSH connection type is most often used with newly-created remote resources, SSH host key validation is disabled by default. If this is not acceptable, you can establish a separate mechanism for key distribution and explicitly set the `host_key` argument to verify against a specific key or signing CA.

You can use ephemeral values in `connection` blocks. Refer to [Ephemeral values](#ephemeral-values) for more information.

Expressions in the `connection` block cannot refer to their parent resource name. Instead, you can use the `self` object. Refer to [References to the parent `resource`](#references-to-the-parent-resource) for more information.

> In the following example, the `provisioner "file"` block connects to the resource as the root user over SSH and copies the `/etc` directory to the resource. A second `provisioner "file"` block connects to the resource as an administrator user using WinRM to copy a file to the resource's `C:/App` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following example, the `provisioner "file"` block connects to the resource as the root user over SSH and copies the `myapp.conf` file to the resource. A second `provisioner "file"` block connects to the resource as an administrator user using WinRM to copy a file to the resource's `C:/App` directory.
```

```hcl
provisioner "file" {
  source      = "conf/myapp.conf"
  destination = "/etc/myapp.conf"

  connection {
    type     = "ssh"
    user     = "root"
    password = var.root_password
    host     = var.host
  }
}

provisioner "file" {
  source      = "conf/myapp.conf"
  destination = "C:/App/myapp.conf"

  connection {
    type     = "winrm"
    user     = "Administrator"
    password = var.admin_password
    host     = var.host
  }
}
```

The `connection` block supports connecting to different kinds of hosts. Refer to the following topics for additional argument configurations:

- [Connect to a remote resource through a bastion host](#connect-to-a-remote-resource-through-a-bastion-host)
- [Connect to a remote resource through a proxy](#connect-to-a-remote-resource-through-a-proxy)

> ### Connect to a remote resource through a bastion host

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Connect to a remote resource through a bastion host
```

You can change the default tainting behavior by setting the `on_failure` attribute to `continue`. Refer to [`on_failure` argument reference](/terraform/language/resource#on_failure) for more information.

### Destroy-time provisioners

To change the default behavior, set the  `when` argument to `destroy`, which configures the provisioner to run when Terraform destroys the parent resource. The following example configures Terraform to run the `echo` command after destroying the `web`:

```hcl
resource "aws_instance" "web" {
  # ...

  provisioner "local-exec" {
    when    = destroy
    command = "echo 'Destroy-time provisioner'"
  }
}
```

Destroy provisioners run before the resource is destroyed. If the provisioner fails, Terraform returns an error and reruns the provisioners on the next `terraform apply`. You should ensure that the destroy-time provisioners are safe to run multiple times.

Enabling the [`create_before_destroy` argument](/terraform/language/resource#create_before_destroy) on the resource prevents destroy-time provisioners from running.

#### Remove a `resource` block containing a destroy-time provisioner

> Destroy-time provisioners can only run if they remain in the configuration at the time a resource is destroyed. If a `resource` block with a destroy-time provisioner is removed entirely from the configuration, its provisioner configurations are removed along with it. The destroy provisioner won't run as a result. To work around this, configure a multi-step process to safely
> remove a resource with a destroy-time provisioner:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Destroy-time provisioners can only run if they remain in the configuration at the time a resource is destroyed. If a `resource` block with a destroy-time provisioner is removed entirely from the configuration, its provisioner configurations are removed along with it. The destroy provisioner won't run as a result. To work around this, configure a multi-step process to safely remove a resource with a destroy-time provisioner:
```

1. Update the resource configuration to include `count = 0`.
1. Apply the configuration to destroy any existing instances of the resource, including running the destroy provisioner.
1. Remove the resource block entirely from configuration, along with its `provisioner` blocks.
1. Apply the configuration again. No further action is necessary because the resources were already destroyed.

Because of this limitation, you should use destroy-time provisioners sparingly and with care.

#### Tainted resources

A destroy-time provisioner within a resource that is tainted will not run. This includes resources that are marked tainted from a failed creation-time provisioner or tainted manually using `terraform taint`.

### Configure multiple provisioners

> You can specify multiple provisioners within a `resource` block. Terraform executes provisioners
> in the order they are defined in the configuration file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can specify multiple provisioners within a `resource` block. Terraform executes provisioners in the order they are defined in the configuration file.
```
